hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the the final girls
2015.
the film starts with a girl named max
she was sitting in her car she was the
daughter of an actress
she worked in a horror movie she acted
so well that the movie seems real
then we see that max's mother comes and
sits in the car
there was good bonding among them they
start singing together
she starts driving the car they were
going meanwhile
their car collapses with another car
then their car gets into an accident
badly
max's mother dies because of that
accident then we see that three years
passed
max was come out from that phase she was
sitting in the cafe with her friends
a female and a male friend named chris
were talking to each other
meanwhile the brother of her female
friend comes there
he shows them some books there was a
poster in them in which there was
something about the horror movie
the name of that movie was blood path he
tells that it was an old and horror
movie
it is planning that it will again be
shown in the cinemas
he says that we also like to watch
horror movies
we like horror movies so why don't we go
to watch this movie
because i've heard about that movie is
so good we know that is the same movie
in which max's mother had acted
at first max refuses that what will we
do to see the movie
but in the end they all make her agree
then they go to watch the movie
max chris her female friend her brother
and an old friend of max go to watch a
movie
now we see that the movie starts and the
cinema hall was full of peoples
it means everyone was excited to see
that movie
then the movie starts and they all were
busy watching the movie
they were enjoying that movie meanwhile
a man who was drinking his alcohol
bottle falls down
alcohol comes out when the bottle rolls
that alcohol spreads on the floor
with it it spreads to a curtain because
everyone was busy in the movie so nobody
notices it
a man was smoking there when his
cigarette falls on that place
that place sets on fire while seeing the
whole cinema hall sets on fire
max gets worried but then she sees a big
knife
she couldn't see any way of going
outside so
she cuts the screen of the projector
with that knife
on which the movie was going on and goes
inside it
to save herself and her friend's life
but after going inside the screen they
all get faint
when they wake up they find themselves
in a forest
there were many trees around them they
could not understand that where they are
they move here and there meanwhile a car
comes there in which there were a female
and a male sitting
they get surprised to see that these are
the characters of the blood path movie
they weren't believing their eyes but it
happens with them two times more
that car comes there with the same
characters two times more
they understand that they are in old age
they are stuck here
maybe they are stuck in the movie till
its duration
they accept this reality they think that
what should we do now
they go and sit in the car of those
characters when max turns back and see
her mother was also sitting in that car
seeing it her eyes become full of tears
because she loves her mother very much
after her death she was seeing her now
like this
then the characters of the movie come
into a house
because they were planning a party they
also invite max while saying her to come
to our party with her friends
here the good thing is that they all had
seen that movie before
they know its story they know that what
will happen next
that's why the whole story becomes easy
for them
they also know that there is a killer in
this movie who kills peoples
the people who were together or the
people gathered at a party
he kills people at a gathering place
they move forward in the forest
then they see a couple who were together
meanwhile
that killer also arrives there he kills
them
they think that it can be fake because
it's a movie
they were easy that the killer will not
harm us because we were not in the
script
the brother of max's female friend was
also chill about it
but as he moves forward that killer
kills him with a big knife
their assumption was removed that the
killer could not kill them
now they were only four people left
means chris
max and her two female friends were left
they returned towards that house while
running max makes her female friend
understand that we will not be lost each
other
and we will not be gathered at a place
they all go separately ghost to each
character of the movie
then we see that a lady comes there in a
black dress
that was the lady who was saved in the
blood path movie in the end
means she was the survivor of that movie
they start talking about that killer
then we see that max and her other
friends are gone in the past
they were shown a scene of the past in
that scene
they were shown the childhood memories
of that killer
some students of school came to a summer
camp other kids were abusing that killer
kid
billy hides at a small place those kids
throw fireworks there
due to it he becomes injured and his
face was ruined completely
then he makes a face mask for himself to
hide his old face
then he goes out to take revenge after
taking a big knife he goes to kill
everyone
when they kill everyone some blood drops
fall on the face of max's female friend
with it their past vision finishes here
they come to the movie scene
blood drops were still there on max's
female friend
after seeing those blood drops they get
scared
that from where the blood comes on her
face they start running
the two characters we saw at the start
of the movie move from there with their
car
but suddenly that boy falls out of the
car he bends badly and he dies
their car also blasts that lady which
came in a black dress and was the
survivor of this movie also dies in this
accident
this means the happenings are not
included in the real story of that
movie this means if max and her friends
have seen this movie so it is useless
because the movie wasn't according to
the story
max tells the characters that we are
here from the future
what is the truth in it how we come into
this movie
then they understand them because it was
seeing from their dressing that they
come from the future
they think that what to do now then
chris makes them understand something on
a board
he draws something on the board and
after it he explains his plan to others
he says that we will put traps in the
house everywhere
and we will play party music unwillingly
so that killer will think that we are
gathered at a place
as he comes here he will be stuck in the
trap we will catch him and then he will
die
this is the only way to go out of this
movie then they get busy putting traps
in the house
during this max goes to her mother who
is young now
she wasn't married at this time she
tells her everything that i am your
daughter
she says that if this killer will die i
will take you with me
then we see that there were traps in the
house everywhere
now the party music was played one of
the characters of the movie a girl was
said to do the dance
so that the killer will come here after
listening to the voice
it happens the same as the music played
that killer moves toward them
seeing it that character who was dancing
gets scared
her foot stuck in the trap due to it she
falls down
her face was stuck in an iron trap due
to which she dies there
then they shut the door there was a
sword behind the door
they have tied a big wood there to make
a trap it was tied with the ropes
they go upward and cut that rope due to
it
a big piece of wood falls down and bill
hits with that sword
that sword stabs in that killer's body
they were happy that they succeed
they have killed the killer but it
wasn't like that
he becomes alive and kills one more
character in the movie
max and chris get one more idea they
take some arrows and set them on fire
they shoot those arrows on that killer
after it
they all go upward they also have set
traps on the way
a bucket is full of petrol it will
happen that when that petrol will be
thrown on that killer he will catch fire
but this trap was left the bucket was
stuck there
due to it the petrol couldn't fall on
the killer
he comes to them there were both female
friends of max
they somehow try to throw petrol on him
this time they become successful
but due to the fire in the whole room
they themselves burn
now only max chris and max's mother were
left in the movie
then we see that killer becoming alive
again the fire doesn't harm him
he lifts up and follows them they begin
to run in the forest
that killer attacks chris and makes him
injured after it
he takes max's mother with him from
there max takes chris to a church while
lifting him up
she asks him to stay there and take care
of himself because you're injured
i will come with my mother she picks a
sharp edge tool from there and chases
the killer
to find him max goes to the forest she
sees that her mother is imprisoned in a
house
she releases her mother but that killer
also arrives there and beats her a lot
max's mother somehow kills that killer
then she comes into the church while
taking max with her
max's mother wants to sacrifice for max
that's why she comes in front of that
killer she wanted to save max's life at
the end of this movie
because she is a pretty and a pure girl
she wants to kill the killer forever
then we see the scene of the church
where chris's much blood was wasted
and he dies on the other side the killer
kills max's mother
then max goes to kill the killer she
hits him with a sword
she separates his head from his body
with it this blood path movie ends
luckily all her friends of max become
alive
they come out from the movie but they
get faint when they come to their senses
they were all in the hospital they see
their bodies
there were wounds on their body which
were given in that movie
this means that wasn't their dream or
any fiction
but it was the reality it happens in the
real life with them
they have the same wounds due to which
they died in the movie
and here with a mystery this movie also
ends
thank you for watching subscribe to my
channel
hit the bell icon for more updates